Update generating-a-json-web-token-jwt-for-a-github-app.md (#30554)
github/docs: content/apps/creating-github-apps/authenticating-with-a-github-app/generating-a-json-web-token-jwt-for-a-github-app.md

```

This script will prompt you for the file path where your private key is stored and for the ID of your app. Alternatively, you can pass those values as inline arguments when you execute the script.

### Example: Using Bash to generate a JWT

> {% note %}
> 
> **Note:** You must pass your App ID and /path/to/PEM as arguments when running this script.
> 
> {% endnote %}

Reviewer: suggestion to write the full description
```suggestion
{% note %}

**Note:** You must pass your App ID and the file path where your private key is stored as arguments when running this script.

{% endnote %}
```

```bash copy
#!/usr/bin/env bash

set -o pipefail

app_id=$1 # App ID as first argument

> pem=$( cat $2 ) # /path/to/PEM as second argument

Reviewer: same
```suggestion
pem=$( cat $2 ) # file path of the private key as second argument
```

now=$(date +%s)

> iat=$((${now} - 60)) # Issues 60 seconds in the past.
> exp=$((${now} + 600)) # Expires 10 minutes in the future.

Reviewer: nit suggestion for consistency with the earlier comments
```suggestion
iat=$((${now} - 60)) # Issues 60 seconds in the past
exp=$((${now} + 600)) # Expires 10 minutes in the future
```
